Journal 1-----------------------------
I used Ai much less this week compared to some weeks in the past.
I did use it to help me cooking however, I had a chat about the engriedients I had and Claude created a great dinner recipe based off the ingredients in my house. 
The prompt was "What would you do with salmon a lemon a shallot spinach and Trader Joe’s vacuole Pepe gnocchi"
It returned a very full proof recipe heres a small text snippet "With those ingredients, I'd make a delicious one-pan salmon and gnocchi dish! Here's what I'd do:
Pan-Seared Salmon with Lemon Spinach Gnocchi...

Start the gnocchi: Pan-fry the Trader Joe's gnocchi in a large skillet with some olive oil until golden and crispy on the outside. Remove and set aside. "

I also used it to help me add a 10k training plan into my workout routine. I gave it many small adjustments like cheange days based off fatuige, what I should do if i miss a day, and the best way i could train to reduce fatuige. 

Journal 2-----------------------------
This week I only used AI for one thing. I am incredidbly bad at using the proper form of their or there.
I had a very long paper for another class that included many theirs and theres. I used Claude to help me with this.
i pasted my paper into claude and asked for it to point  out any of the times I used the improper form of there/their.
It returned 3 or 4 instances of where i used the wrong one, and explained why it was wrong. 
I then made all the edits to my paper and got a better insight on how to use the proper form of their/there

Journal 3------------------------------
This week I used AI to help plan my busy week. I first told Claude to listen to a bullet point list of all of the things I had to complete last week. I included times and dates that each task needed to be completed as well.
After that I asked Claude to create a daily schedule based around my class schedule that I pasted into the chat.
I noticed this is where the language started to struggle as I am assuming it is not that proficent at reading photos of things yet.
I noticed that Claude went over some of my classes and scheduled things during class. I used this schedule for the rest of the week after some tweaks though and it worked out great. 
I also once again used chatgpt for some grammar look overs and to review a paper I wrote. It worked great and as intended!
*edited while doing week 3 exercises
I did notice that I had to use google/ai for help with the week three exercises more then I would of liked. I think I struggled with these concepts in particular because we have past what I am doing in another coding class I am taking at this time.
It has been a considerable amount of time since I used these concepts in practice so using a AI aid helped me a good bit on problems I was very stuck on.

Journal 4------------------------------
This week I used AI to assist me at work. I had to create a couple of Jira automation tasks and I use AI to help me with the Jira Query language syntax as well as guiding me through a lot of the things I need to complete. 
Jira can be very very tricky and it is definetley a topic that most models are trained well on whatsover. I do find that there are many many more mistakes then my usual AI endeavors when using it for JIRA help.
I was still abel to get tons of help and useful information from Claude to assist me however. 
I also used AI a bit to help my with my class exercises. I find having Claude help with the debugging allows me to see other viewpoints on how to complete tasks that can be very beneficial. 

Journal 5------------------------------
This week I used AI to help me understand a line of code that I'd been struggling with. I had a sorting function that used "key=lambda x: x["total"]" and while I could use it,
I didn't really understand how it worked. After asking AI to break it down, I learned that lambda creates an anonymous function, and the key parameter tells sort()
which value to use for comparison. In this case, it extracts the "total" field from each user dictionary, and reverse=True orders them from highest to lowest. It's helpful to
finally understand the syntax instead of just copying it from examples.

Journal 6------------------------------
This week I used AI to assist me with selecting songs for a little DJ set I prrepared for a friends party. I used a AI music analyser called Mixed in Key that scans music to tag it based on BPM and Key the song is in. 
This was a great help as my DJ software does this itself but does it very poorly. The AI software is particulary good at the sort of music I play compared to other song analysis softwater because the AI is mostly trained on 
my specific genre of music. Going foward I will be excited to see it get even better at song description and analysis. 

Journal 7-------------------------------
This week I used AI to help me with my league of legends builds. I played a couple games with my friends and wanted to try out some new builds and playstyles. I used Claude to help find some fun bot lane combos that my friends and I could try out. 
Claude gave me some champion pairs that worked well together, and explained how their abilities could combo in lane and fights. I really wanted to try some weird picks that other players wouldn't expect but could still work. 
Using AI to find these builds was way faster than looking everything up myself or watching a bunch of videos, so I could play with my friends sooner.

Journal 8-------------------------------
This week I used AI to help me learn chess. I have always been really bad at turn based board games like chess or checkers because of my attention span as well as missing things. I used it to help me with some solutions for puzzles. I found it very funny how awful reasoning models are at playiong chess. 
This caused me to do a deep dive on why resoning models dont like playing chess. Reasoning models struggle at chess because they don’t calculate deep move sequences like specialized chess engines do. They rely on general logic and language patterns instead of actually analyzing the board.
As a result, they often miss tactics or make blunders that a dedicated chess engine would easily avoid.

Journal 9-------------------------------
This week I used AI to help set up my friendsgiving. We had over 20 people at my friendsgiving this year so we had to make a way that all the food could still be presented and everyones dish is tried. To do this I asked AI to seperate my friendsgiving meals by starters and main dishes.
It was able to easily sort things like sliders and dips into the starter section, and entrees like meats and pot pies into a main course section. Then I was able to find what wines paried with the foods the best by asking Claude. 
I was impressed that it was able to give logical reasons why certain wines were better for some foods. I though its knowledge on that would be cloudy and strange at best.
